Bitrise is the world's only purpose built mobile DevOps platform. Its continuous integration and delivery platform speeds up tens of thousands of development processes for the world's fastest growing scaleups, open source projects and established enterprise companies alike. Founded in 2015, with offices in Budapest, London, San Francisco and Boston, Bitrise now powers over a billion app installs a month.

"Hey, it's Viktor from Bitrise, nice to e-meet you on this amazing virtual conference!
We are here to have great conversations, so feel free to contact us via ‘Office hours' if you want to discuss anything related to your mobile development processes.
Bitrise helps you develop and operate mobile applications by offering a complete CI/CD platform, built and optimized for Mobile DevOps. By automating mobile development and operational processes on Bitrise, teams deliver faster and improve quality, while increasing productivity. Bitrise provides unrivaled flexibility and power by connecting to all the tools and services you use from one, easy-to-learn platform.
Bitrise accelerates your velocity by automating common tasks and configuration, decreasing the average time to set up CI/CD for your mobile projects by over 90% compared to commonly used on-premise solutions. A growing library of integrations with tools and services ensures that most steps in your unique development process will be configured quickly, while offering extensive, powerful tools to facilitate your requirements not covered in the library. After configuration, constant updates to steps and integrations ensure that unexpected troubleshooting of your workflows is reduced to an absolute minimum and - instead - your teams focus on delivering.
Built for mobile, Bitrise is continuously innovating to further reduce friction in your mobile development processes by offering tools, features and services from a single screen and a single shared context for your org. Over 100,000 mobile developers and thousands of organizations worldwide trust Bitrise to accelerate and improve their development processes, including Virgin, Mozilla, Sixt, Just Eat, Careem and Get Your Guide.
‎:arrow_forward: Check out other videos: How to configure Steps and Workflows for Android Apps - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_qhsdSo4I8
 ‎:arrow_forward: Tutorials for Android Users: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list... ‎
  ‎:arrow_forward: Check out our website: www.bitrise.io
Thank you so much for having us here and we hope you'll have an amazing time on Virtual Android Makers!